---
slug: v2
title: 'ts-graphviz v2.0.0 Released🎉'
authors: kamiazya
tags: [security, release]
---
Hello, everyone! We are excited to share that ts-graphviz v2.0.0 is now available!
This major update brings a host of improvements aimed at enhancing performance, security, and compatibility with the evolving JavaScript ecosystem.

<!-- truncate -->

### Major Updates 🚀

- **Dropping Support for Node.js 14 & 16**: As part of our commitment to maintaining a cutting-edge library, we've updated our minimum supported Node.js version to Node.js 18. This decision aligns with our goals to leverage the latest features and improvements while ensuring the highest level of security for our users.

### Package Splitting and Monorepo-ization 📦

With v2.0.0, we've taken significant steps to restructure ts-graphviz for better modularity, maintainability, and usability:

- **Improved Modularity**: The library has been divided into several packages, allowing you to install and use only what you need. This reduces unnecessary dependencies and optimizes performance.
- **Easier Maintainability and Collaboration**: This new structure simplifies maintenance and encourages contributions by making it easier for developers to focus on specific areas of interest.
- **Centralized Management**: Our shift to a monorepo approach allows for streamlined issue tracking, pull request management, and documentation updates across all packages.

### Node.js Version Support Policy 📝

To better align with the JavaScript ecosystem's progress and ensure our library remains secure and up-to-date, we've established a clear Node.js Version Support Policy:

- We now guarantee support for the latest Node.js LTS version at the time of each major release, starting with **Node.js 18** for ts-graphviz v2.0.0.
- Our policy includes ending support for Node.js versions that reach their End-of-Life (EOL), ensuring our users benefit from the most secure and performant version possible.

### Moving Forward 🔍

This release marks a significant milestone in our journey to provide a powerful and user-friendly tool for working with Graphviz DOT language in TypeScript projects. We encourage you to update your projects to the latest LTS version of Node.js and explore the new features and improvements in ts-graphviz v2.0.0.


For detailed information on the release, including a migration guide and an overview of the new package structure, please visit our [release notes](https://github.com/ts-graphviz/ts-graphviz/releases/tag/ts-graphviz%402.0.0).


We're eager to hear your feedback and look forward to continuing to improve ts-graphviz together.
Thank you for your support and collaboration!
